---
title: Sales Order Split
description: 
primary_tag: 
tags: [  ]
time: 
---

<!-- loio0bd9c2b8cb074979be179b972fbd3ab0 -->

## Prerequisites

## Use

This function enables you to split jobs in a DBM order among multiple bill-to parties based on a percentage, or a fixed amount. You can use this function, for example, if you sell a new vehicle to a customer, but a third party (for example a leasing company) pays part of the invoice.

## Prerequisites

Before you split an order item, you have assigned the order item to a [job](4a111dc42228101ce10000000a42189b.md).

## Features

The features of a sales order split are similar to those described in the [order split](4a1120f32228101ce10000000a42189b.md). For a sales order split, the main difference is that you can specify vehicles and accessories in the split header.

## Activities

The activities of a sales order split are similar to those described in the order split.

## Example

The dealership Flitzer Repairs and Sales sells vehicles manufactured by the OEM Flitzer. The sales representative creates a sales order for a new vehicle. The customer wants to finance the vehicle through a leasing company. In addition, the customer wants to buy some accessories. The customer pays for these directly.

You need to define two jobs:

-   Job 1 for the vehicle

-   Job 2 for the accessories (for example, roof rack)


The two jobs are split as follows:

-   Job 1 — *Vehicle*

    Charged to the leasing company

-   Job 2 — *Roof Rack*

    Charged to the customer


