---
title: Pricing Date in the Order Item
description: 
primary_tag: 
tags: [  ]
time: 
---

<!-- loio0f608251a2701e49e10000000a445394 -->

## Prerequisites

## Use

The prices quoted in a service quotation might change by the time the service order is created. You specify the prices for various validity periods in the pricing conditions. If your customer expects the price that was agreed upon in the quotation, you can copy the pricing dates of the order items (and split items) from the quotation when you create the service order.

It makes sense to use the function for copying orders to:

-   Copy a valid quotation to a DBM order

-   Copy a DBM order to a credit memo

-   Copy a DBM order to a returns order


## Prerequisites

In Customizing for *Dealer Business Management (DBM)* under *Order* > *Copying of Orders* > *Define Copying Control for Order Type*, you have selected the checkbox *Copy Item Price Date* (copy pricing date of split item) for the relevant order types to specify that when copying DBM orders, the system is to also copy the pricing date of the order item (and split item).

For more information about the determination of prices in DBM during order processing, see [Pricing Conditions](7be6d7c788f54bfb93219d144b00e0fb.md) and [Pricing](4a681bb81bb5101ce10000000a42189b.md).

## Features

You can create DBM orders using one of the following two functions:

-   *Copy Order* (transaction `/DBM/ORDER05`, for example)

-   *Create Order Using Wizard* in *Order Processing* (transaction `/DBM/ORDER01`, for example)


If you copy several quotations with different pricing dates to a new DBM order, the system copies the pricing date (and the prices stored in the pricing conditions) as follows:

-   The pricing date in the order header (and split header) of the new DBM order is the current date.

-   The system copies the pricing date of the order items (and split items) from the quotations to the DBM order.

-   Any new order items (and split items) you create in the DBM order have the pricing date from the order header.


If you change the pricing date in the order header (or split header), the system only copies this pricing date to the order items (or split items) that had the same date as the order header originally. For billing, the system uses the pricing conditions of the pricing date of the order item (split item).

