---
title: Integration with SAP Credit Management
description: 
primary_tag: 
tags: [  ]
time: 
---

<!-- loio0ae4e137374848988bae78d0fb449933 -->

## Prerequisites

## Use

With the integration of SAP Credit Management you can use the SAP Credit Management credit limit check in Dealer Business Management (DBM).

DBM reports your business partner’s DBM order commitments to SAP Credit Management. These line items are then consolidated into the credit exposure in SAP Credit Management and checked against the current credit limit for the business partner.

## Implementation Considerations

To be able to integrate SAP Credit Management, you must first configure SAP DBM and SAP FSCM. For information about how to configure your system, see the following configuration guides:

-   Configuration Guide DBM on SAP Service Marketplace at [http://service.sap.com/instguides](http://service.sap.com/instguides)*Industry Solutions* > *Industry Solution Guides* > *SAP for Automotive*

-   Configuration Guide SAP Credit Management on SAP Service Marketplace at [http://service.sap.com/fscm](http://service.sap.com/fscm)*SAP Credit Management* > *Media Library* > *Other*


> Note:
> If you use DBM with FSCM, but you want to use classic credit management (FI-AR-CR) for other components, see SAP Note [1553999](https://launchpad.support.sap.com/#/notes/1553999).
> 
> 

The following prerequisites must also be fulfilled:

-   You have activated the BC Set *Settings for DBM Credit Limit Check* (`/DBM/DBM800_CLC`) in your client.

-   You have activated the credit limit check for the required payment terms in Customizing for *Dealer Business Management* under *Order* > *SAP Credit Management (SAP Financial Supply Chain Management)* > *Activate Credit Limit Check for Payment Terms*.

-   You have defined the credit master data for your business partner with the business partner role *SAP Credit Management* (`UKM000`). If you do not maintain this role for your business partner, the credit limit check is not executed.

    You have defined the credit master data for the relevant credit segments in Customizing for *Financial Supply Chain Management* under *Credit Management* > *Credit Risk Monitoring* > *Master Data* > *Create Credit Segments*. Most importantly, you have specified the main credit segment in accordance with your business requirements.


## Integration

You can integrate the credit limit check of SAP Credit Management in DBM. SAP Credit Management is part of SAP Financial Supply Chain Management (SAP FSCM). For more information, see SAP Library for SAP ERP on SAP Help Portal at [http://help.sap.com/erp](http://help.sap.com/erp). Under *Application Help*, open SAP Library and choose *SAP ERP Central Component* > *Accounting* > *SAP Financial Supply Chain Management (FIN-FSCM)* > *SAP Credit Management (FIN-FSCM-CR)*. For information about how to configure your system, see the Configuration Guide SAP Credit Management on SAP Service Marketplace at [http://service.sap.com/fscm](http://service.sap.com/fscm)*SAP Credit Management* > *Media Library* > *Other*.

## Features

**Credit Limit Check**

SAP Credit Management checks the credit limit of the payers in the order. If the credit limit check is negative, the system blocks the order and prevents process steps such as releasing the order, delivery, and posting the goods movement. A blocked order can be unblocked if the credit limit check is run again and has a positive result. In addition, the system documents a negative credit limit check in what is called a documented credit decision. For more information, see SAP Library for SAP ERP on SAP Help Portal at [http://help.sap.com/erp](http://help.sap.com/erp). Under *Application Help*, open SAP Library and choose *SAP ERP Central Component* > *Accounting* > *SAP Financial Supply Chain Management (FIN-FSCM)* > *SAP Credit Management (FIN-FSCM-CR)* > *Documented Credit Decision*.

**Credit Exposure Update**

The commitments resulting from all open orders are transferred to SAP Credit Management. Every update made to the order commitments updates your business partner’s credit exposure.

**Documented Credit Decision**

If the credit limit check is negative (the credit limit has been exceeded), the credit analyst has to make a decision in SAP Credit Management. To ensure that the credit decisions are based on the most current data, the commitments resulting from the open orders are transferred to SAP Credit Management.

**Split Indicator**

When an order is saved, the system runs a credit limit check for the relevant payer (not the customer in the order header) and transfers the commitment to SAP Credit Management, which in turn updates the payer's credit exposure. In this case, the credit exposure is the sum of the order items (credit price). The system takes the split indicator into account as follows:

-   *Split Indicator* field is empty

    The credit limit check is run for the payer and the credit exposure is updated for the payer.

-   *Split Indicator* field is filled

    The definition of the split indicator influences the credit limit check and the payer’s credit exposure update. If you have specified that the credit limit check should run for the entire job amount in the order, the percentages defined in the split indicator are ignored. If you have specified that the percentages defined for the split indicator should be subtracted, SAP Credit Management subtracts them first before it runs the credit limit check. For more information, see the field help for the *SAP Credit Mgmt* field (on the *SAP Easy Access* screen, choose *Logistics* > *Logistics Execution* > *Dealer Business Management* > *Master Data* > *Order Split* > *Split Indicator)*. Once the split has actually been created (either manually or using fast split), the credit limit check and the credit exposure update are executed based on the actual order splits and the behavior of SAP Credit Management as defined in the split indicator is no longer relevant.


## More Information

[Credit Limit Check](4755ba36c7984904b50ab00700bc1819.md)

[Credit Exposure Update](14fe8fea8ddf4969afa3eced317dddb3.md)

[Recalculation of Commitments for Orders](9863cdc21bac4b08accccc06c362f79d.md)

