---
title: Enhanced Order Search
description: 
primary_tag: 
tags: [  ]
time: 
---

<!-- loio1b13d451ff8cf33ae10000000a44176d -->

## Prerequisites

## Use

You can use the enhanced order search to run searches for SAP Dealer Business Management (SAP DBM) orders based on varied parameters. These parameters are based upon different levels of the order, such as header, split header, job, item, or task.

This function enables personnel in sales, service, or other areas to easily locate orders requiring processing action. Each department can do this by searching for specific details on different levels of the order. You can use this function to focus on orders currently in process or on areas requiring quick action.

The enhanced order search allows you to search for various combinations of order parameters; it also provides a flexible display format for the search results. For example, you can define the data to be displayed on header or item level, change the layout, or save your search parameters in a variant.

## Prerequisites

You have defined search attributes in Customizing; for more information, see [Order Search](4a1120f02228101ce10000000a42189b.md).

## Features

The search criteria for the different levels are available on separate tabs; for example, there is one tab only for header criteria, a separate tab for job criteria, and so on. The enhanced order search takes into account all the entered search criteria, across the different tabs.

For each search, you can define the level on which the search result should be displayed. This enables you to view either cumulated or detailed search results, as required. The enhanced order search also allows personalization of the search results display.

The search retrieves results depending on the option selected in the search result level menu. For example, if the result level is set to the header level, the search fetches results only at the order header detail level. To search thereafter at order item level, the search must be executed once again.

You can also define selection variants containing your frequently used search criteria. Selection variants are user-specific and can be set for specific scenarios; for example, you can create one to search for all expiring quotations for sales.

In order to enhance the search function, you can run the BAdIs available under *Logistics Execution* > *Dealer Business Management (DBM)* > *Order* > *Business Add-Ins (BAdIs)*.

## Activities

1.  In the *SAP Easy Access* menu, choose *Logistics* > *Logistics Execution* > *Dealer Business Management* > *Order Processing* > *Order Processing*. Alternatively, run transaction `/DBM/ORDER`.

2.  Select the relevant organizational data.

3.  On the *Order Search* tab, in the *Order Search View* field, select *Enhanced Order Search*.

4.  Enter the required search criteria on the different tabs, as required.

    You can save the entered search criteria as a variant after choosing *Variant Maintenance*.

5.  Choose *Find* to run the search.


